Let's go out and do one final test of our application we can close our console window refresh and now
we can search for a topic.
So javascript we get some information and we get links to videos.
Let's try something else.
AJAX.
See what happens.
So we've got search term Ajax and we could get more specific.
So maybe this one isn't a great search term Jason.
So Jason there's a bunch of information on Jason.
So it's not really up to you whatever the search terms and whatever information you want to pull back.
You can really fine tune and customize this to suit your needs.
And we've got all of the source code again included as well as always happy to help within the Q and
A section.
So now let's do a quick overview of our source code and just to review what we've been working on in
the previous lessons.
So we did some styling and this was one of the last lessons making it look or more presentable with
the YouTube content we had to divide our Wiki and YouTube we have a button here we have an input for
the search term but we had to divide out the output for the wiki and the YouTube because when you send
an AJAX call it's asynchronous so it doesn't we don't know which one is coming back first.
And because we're making too AJAX calls we want to make sure that the content comes back first for the
wiki on top and that YouTube's second Otherwise your page isn't going to be consistent.
So you got to keep that in mind.
We built out a simple function to do AJAX calls.
It's got requests to parameters so your L-N callback.
So we do our S.H. our object we open and send it to you URL.
So that's all down here.
And then we listen for the ready state changes.
And then this is the second part of it because the ready state changes.
And then whenever it does change until it Reith's race state 4 and status 200 we don't finish off the
callback and within the callback we're parsing back as Jaison formatted data.
So we're taking that request text response text and parsing it as song because we're using it as a javascript
object within our callback function.
So all we had is one function that fires off whenever we click the button and that's the search over
here.
So we grab the search term we have a you are l.
So for our API and point we also create variables to hold the objects of the dorm elements.
So the two that we want it to output to we set some default values in here.
And then we've got the first AJAX calls to Wikipedia.
So when we get that content back within their response object we basically we loop through it and we
output it into that output area that is expecting the content and then we've got our second AJAX call.
So this one is going out to YouTube and this is doing the same thing using the same function and it's
we're putting in some of the values there as variables.
You don't have to do it this way you could just simply paste this into your inner Each him.
So it's up to you however you want to do that.
We're looping through all the data items that are being returned and we're building out some H2 M-L
there which was the purpose of all of the styling.
So it looks nice and neat.
So at the end of the day we're making two Ajax requests to two different places sources of data and
we're making use of that data within each 2 mil page.
So now it's up to you.
Try this out for yourself.
Improve upon it.
There's a lot of room to improve on this.
There is a lot of data coming back from each one of these streams.
You can include another AJAX call if you want.
It's really up to you.
Practice Ajax get more familiar with it and get more familiar with working with the various API is returning
back data from those various API and then making use of that content that's being returned back into
your.
HTML page.
So it's visible and usable for your users.
And one of the great things about these API is that you don't have to write up all this content.
So it's all there at the ready.
All you have to do is make that connection grab that data and then you can output it for your web visitors
and your application users
and all of the source code again is included so that you can get started really quickly building out
the same type of application and then update the code.
Try it out and experiment a little bit with what the syntax is doing and what the code is doing.